annual	(adi) coming each year; once a year; lasting a year (The
class picnic is planned for the last week
of the school year)
(n) a book or magazine that comes out once a year; a plant that lives or lasts for just one growing season (One of my poems will appear in the 1998 poetry
SYNONYMS: (adj) yearly; (n) a yearbook
basic	(adj) having to do with the main or starting point of something
(We understand the _
idea of the game.)
(n, usually plural) key elements or parts (I learned the
of addition in first grade.)
SYNONYMS: (adj) essential, primary, fundamental
competition	(n) trying to outdo others; a game or contest
(I am planning to enter the kite-flying -
SYNONYMS: a rivalry, match, test
ANTONYMS: cooperation
contract	(n) an agreement or understanding that can be enforced by law; a documant that explains legal conditions (Many people who buy computers also but a service
(v) to make or grow smaller; to come down with, as a sickness
(Some soft woods
then they dry.)
SYNONYMS: (n) an arrangement, deal, pact; (v) to shrink; to catch, get
ANTONYMS: (v) to expand, enlarge
dismiss	(v) to send away or permit to leave; to remove from a job; to stop thinking about (Our teacher will not _ the cloass
until we are all quiet.
SYNONYMS: to reject, fire, drop, discharge ANTONYMS: to hire, hold, consider, employ


neglect	(v) to hold back care or attention; to fail to follow through
(You won'y do well in school if you _
_ your
homework.)
(n) a steady lack of care, often because of carelessness or laziness
(Our rose garden suffers from
SYNONYMS: (v) ignore, disregard, overlook, forget; (n) inattention
ANTONYMS: (v) to pamper
obtain	(v) to get or gain through some effort
(Customers can
rare coins in
that shop.)
SYNONYMS: to acquire, gather ANTONYMS: to lose, forgo
portion	(n) a section or piece; a part of the whole; a serving of food (I'll have a small
_ of soup.)
SYNONYMS: a part, share, helping
ANTONYMS: a whole
recall	(v) to bring back to mind; to remind one; to ask to return
(Photographs help us
highlight of our trip.)
(n) the ability or act of remembering (He had no
_at all of the story.)
SYONYMS: (v) to remember, resemble; to revoke;
(n) a memory, recolletion ANTONYMS: (v) to forget
sponsor	(n) one who helps or takes responsibility for another person or group; a person or business that pays for an ad on radio or television (A generous paid for new uniforms for
everyone in the band.)
(v) to act as a spomsor to a group, person, or event (Many businesses
the Special Olyympics.)
SYNONYMS: (n) a supporter, backer, provider; (v) to support


stern	(adj) not kindly or gentle; harsh-looking
The officer gave them a _warning.)
(n) the back end of a boat (You can climb the ladder in the _
SYNONYMS: (adj) sharp, severe, firm, strict, grim;
(n) the rear
ANTONYMS: (adi) gentle, tender, kindly; (n) the bow
	
vacant	(adj) not used, filled, or lived in; without thought or expression (This bus has no more
seats.)
SYNONYMS: empty, unused, available, ope; blank
ANTONYMS: full; occupied
